INDIVIDUAL TASKS AND ROLES


Igor – Documenter
Booked a library room for Mondays 22nd and 29th of January from 6-9pm for our team meetings outside lab hours.
Created content for the documentation of the use cases selected for iteration 1.

Andrew – Documenter
Created the final version of the Domain Model diagram.
Created content for the documentation of the Software Requirements Specification (parts 9. Constraints, 10. Solution ideas and 11. Acronyms and abbreviations).

Javier – Organizer/Documenter
Created and edited a Google Document to keep track of the ideas that came up and the progress that we made during team meetings.
Divided tasks and assigned roles to each member of the team, keeping track of what everyone has to do.
TO DO: Create content for the documentation of the Software Requirements Specification (parts 1 to 4 and 12).

Kosta – Coder
Review JUNIT to be able to write test cases before writing the code.
Create and pass several test cases using JUnit.
Implement “Login” use case using Java.
Start working on a database system to store

Marzie – Documenter
Set up a group on Slack for team communication and sent reminders for team meetings.
Edit and format in LaTeX the Software Requirements Specification document using the content provided by the other documenters of the team.

Sirage – Coder
Review JUNIT to be able to write test cases before writing the code.
Create and pass several test cases using JUnit.
Implement “AddTransaction” and “ViewTransaction” use case using Java.

Talar –Documenter/Organizer
Set up a GitHub repository with version control for all the documents of the project and managed the version control?
Created content for the documentation of the Software Requirements Specification (parts 5 to 7).

Zayn – Documenter
Created the first version of the Domain Model diagram.
Created the Use Cases diagram.

COMMON TASKS


Read project and chapters of the book, slides or other useful material related to all aspects of Iteration 1.
Collaborate with organizers to divide and assign tasks, plan the timeline for Iteration 1 and agree on meeting times, and individual deadlines.
Contribute with ideas to choose and define all elements of the domain model and its relationships. (Brainstorming)
Contribute to create user stories to transform into use cases and select the most relevant to implement and test for the first iteration.
Upload frequent updates of individual documents to the repository/Slack.
Verify other team members’ work and give constructive feedback.
Assist other team members with the most demanding parts of the project.

TEAM MEETINGS


Thursday 18th of January 2018, Laboratory H-903, 21:30-23 (90 minutes)

Presentations, get to know each other a bit, our skills, experience, preferences and availabilities.
Exchange contact information and set up team communication tools.
Read the project together, making sure we all understand it the same way and that we agree in what needs to be done.
Decide priorities and a timeline for iteration 1.
Brainstorming for the first sketch of the domain model and use cases.
Divide tasks and assign individual roles and deadlines.
Agreed to meet every Monday from 18:00 to 21:00 in addition to lab hours.
Book library room for next team meeting.

Monday 22nd of January 2018, Webster Library LB-583, 18:00-21:30 (210 minutes)

Short SCRUM to present everybody’s progress and impediments on their tasks.
Reviewed carefully the first draft of the domain model diagram(sketched by Zayn). Defined more precisely some of its elements.
Came up with the main scenarios and define the 3 main use cases to be implemented by the coders(“AddTransaction”, “ViewTransaction” and “Login”).
Adjust and redefine roles and tasks for current iteration.
Choose new individuals deadlines.

Thursday 25th of January 2018, Laboratory H-903, 21:30-23 (90 minutes)

Short SCRUM to present everybody’s progress and impediments on their tasks.
Reviewed carefully the new draft of the domain model diagram(sketched by Andrew).
Figure out more use cases, its sequence, relationship and actores to sketch a first use case diagram.
Review first draft of the unit tests and redefine the main use cases accordingly.
Distribute more specific documentation tasks among documenters for the requirements document.
Choose new individual deadlines.
Book library room for next team meeting.
   

Monday 29th of January 2018, Grey Nuns Building B-104, 18:00-21:00 (180 minutes)

Short SCRUM to present everybody’s progress and impediments on their tasks.
Reviewed final design of the domain model diagram(sketched by Andrew).
Reviewed carefully the first draft of the use cases diagram(sketched by Zayn). Defined more precisely some of its elements.
Review the code of the implemented use cases and made adjustments to improve alignment of our view of the project.
Review first draft of the requirements document (formatted in Latex by Marzie). Assigned changes and corrections to be made to prepare for the demo on the next lab/meeting.
Choose new individual deadlines.

Thursday 1st of January 2018, Laboratory H-903, 21:30-23:30 (120 minutes)

Presented our code and requirements document to the lab instructor, ran the implemented use cases and discussed with instructor about possible improvements to be made.
Accordingly to the feedback received by the lab instructor, adjust the domain model and the use case diagram to reflect more faithfully its implementation.
Decided on additional changes and improvements to be made on the requirements document and the code.
Choose new individual deadlines.


Thursday 8th of January 2018, Laboratory H-903, 21:30-23:30 (120 minutes)

Presented our final version of the code and requirements document to the lab instructor, and got a positive feedback.
Made minor adjustments to the final document and assigned team member to submit the documents for iteration 1.
Discuss the next steps to follow for iteration 2.
